README.md, before:

# TaskIQ-Redis

Taskiq-redis is a plugin for taskiq that adds a new broker and result backend based on redis.

# Installation

To use this project you must have installed core taskiq library:
```bash
pip install taskiq
```
This project can be installed using pip:
```bash
pip install taskiq-redis
```

# Usage

Let's see the example with the redis broker and redis async result:
```python
import asyncio

from taskiq_redis.redis_broker import RedisBroker
from taskiq_redis.redis_backend import RedisAsyncResultBackend


redis_async_result = RedisAsyncResultBackend(
    url="redis://localhost:6379",
)

broker = RedisBroker(
    url="redis://localhost:6379",
    result_backend=redis_async_result,
)


@broker.task
async def best_task_ever() -> None:
    """Solve all problems in the world."""
    await asyncio.sleep(5.5)
    print("All problems are solved!")


async def main():
    task = await my_async_task.kiq()
    print(await task.get_result())


asyncio.run(main())
```

## RedisBroker configuration

RedisBroker parameters:
* `url` - url to redis.
* `task_id_generator` - custom task_id genertaor.
* `result_backend` - custom result backend.
* `queue_name` - name of the pub/sub channel in redis.
* `max_connection_pool_size` - maximum number of connections in pool.

## RedisAsyncResultBackend configuration

RedisAsyncResultBackend parameters:
* `url` - url to redis.

Commit message:

Results keeping is an option

README.md, after:

# TaskIQ-Redis

Taskiq-redis is a plugin for taskiq that adds a new broker and result backend based on redis.

# Installation

To use this project you must have installed core taskiq library:
```bash
pip install taskiq
```
This project can be installed using pip:
```bash
pip install taskiq-redis
```

# Usage

Let's see the example with the redis broker and redis async result:
```python
import asyncio

from taskiq_redis.redis_broker import RedisBroker
from taskiq_redis.redis_backend import RedisAsyncResultBackend


redis_async_result = RedisAsyncResultBackend(
    redis_url="redis://localhost:6379",
)

broker = RedisBroker(
    url="redis://localhost:6379",
    result_backend=redis_async_result,
)


@broker.task
async def best_task_ever() -> None:
    """Solve all problems in the world."""
    await asyncio.sleep(5.5)
    print("All problems are solved!")


async def main():
    task = await best_task_ever.kiq()
    print(await task.get_result())


asyncio.run(main())
```

## RedisBroker configuration

RedisBroker parameters:
* `url` - url to redis.
* `task_id_generator` - custom task_id genertaor.
* `result_backend` - custom result backend.
* `queue_name` - name of the pub/sub channel in redis.
* `max_connection_pool_size` - maximum number of connections in pool.

## RedisAsyncResultBackend configuration

RedisAsyncResultBackend parameters:
* `redis_url` - url to redis.
* `keep_results` - flag to not remove results from Redis after reading.
